Chizawa brother
Didn't you surprise me?
Why did you bring me here?
You'll know when you go in.
Boss, the boss of this villa area is my friend.
He wants to buy me a cup of tea.
You play here first
I'll come back to you in a while
Well, you go ahead.
Oh, my God.
These villas all start at least 50 million
What kind of rich people can afford this?
Do you like it? I like to send it to you.
That won't work.
You gave me all the shares of the Emgrand Hotel
It would be too much for me to ask for this villa again
Brother Tianzi
I'm not a gold digger
Xiaoya, don't say that
Didn't I stand you up yesterday?
Today, I will buy a villa for you as compensation.
I really can't, I didn't worry about that at all
Yo who is this
Buy a villa as an apology
If I hadn't known you, Chen Tianze
He's a poor worker.
I really thought which Shenhao was standing here
Zhang Qianqian, who is he?
He used to be my supervisor at work
He is a bully who is afraid of the soft and the hard.
I did a lot of housework before.
I didn't expect me to be here
I didn't think about it either.
Working in an electronics factory
A loser with a monthly salary of 3,000
It can actually appear in this high-end field
Also installed local tyrants to pick up girls
There is really shopping.